[Music]
hey how's it going guys this is Dave -
Dee and this is the 2016 razor blade Pro
now before I get into the review I want
to address the guy that goes into the
comments and talks about how they can
build an equivalent PC for like seven
dollars I get it custom PCs are awesome
the other place I'm running at
hackintosh back there
I like builds myself but this is a
laptop let's just focus on the
engineering marvel that it takes to
stuff this kind of technology into a
package this small here's a review okay
this is a razor product so the build
quality is great aluminum all round but
it actually feels like a step up from
the razor blade stealth and the regular
14-inch blade maybe because it's thicker
it feels sturdier it still has the same
black anodized finish so you want to
protect that you should get a sleeve or
a bag if you carry this thing around the
port selection is OK for a 17 inch
device it has Ethernet and three USB 3s
and HDMI 2.0 and it has an SD card
reader there is a Thunderbolt 3 port but
there's only the one I wish there were
more because on a device like this you
kind of wanted to last as long as
possible and use PC is the future but
yeah there's only the one this uses a 17
inch XO touch panel it has excellent
color gamut and accuracy visually it's
actually one of the best screens I've
used on a laptop for content creation
it's nice and big pretty bright and it
supports g-sync
at 60 frames per second so games look
really nice on this thing the 2
megapixel webcam up top looks like this
the keyboard is a mechanical keyboard
and it's very tactile but I wouldn't say
it's as enjoyable to use as a regular
mechanical keyboard people tend to fall
in love with those really easily this
keyboard isn't like that it has good
travel but the response on the keys
aren't as snappy as you might expect I
still like it a lot especially with the
individually lit keys but I wouldn't
call it like the universally best laptop
keyboard most people will like it but
there are some people that won't
there is one issue I have with the
layout when I'm trying to type a
question mark
I often press shift up instead of shift
question mark because of the location of
that up arrow aside from that though
it's a great keyboard the trackpad is
good uses Windows precision drivers so
that's a win great texture and button
mechanics having it located on the right
is really weird at first you do get used
to it pretty quickly though there are
media keys and a programmable scroll
wheel here I have it set to control the
volume because I like being able to
adjust game sound on the fly like if I'm
the last person left on my team and it
won't be one time I got a focus right I
got to get my game on so I cranked up
the volume real quick to listen for
footsteps a little better and I usually
still get owned but seriously it's a
really cool feature and as usual
you can customize all this stuff through
software the lighting the key mapping
how the scroll wheel functions all of it
can be controlled through Razer synapse
but I've said this before RGB lighting
is cool and Razer actually does it the
best but the novelty that wears off
relatively quickly so don't purchase
this thing just because it looks really
cool you probably won't though because
the price tag is $3,700 at the base
model that's expensive it's expensive
for a laptop it's even expensive for a
laptop from Razer but with that price
tag comes some really good components on
the inside the ram is soldered on it's
running 32 gigs now mine video edits
aren't crazy complex or anything but I
haven't been able to max it out on RAM
usage there are two SSDs
they're upgradable and it comes setup
and raid zero out of the factory it's
super fast faster than the 2016 MacBook
Pro granted it is raid zero but even if
you ran the two drives individually
without raid they're still very fast it
has a 99 watt hour battery over here
which is the legal limit to bring it
onto a plane and battery life is around
three three and a half hours of regular
use with screen at 215 it's it's decent
for a 17-inch gaming laptop certainly
not amazing but remember it is running a
g-sync panel so there's no Nvidia
Optimus for power savings the CPU is
here and the GPU is here at the laptop
gtx 1080 this graphics chip fitted into
a system this thin is why the price tag
is so high because it's incredibly
difficult and expensive to do this
properly this is why razer is the only
company to have a gtx 1080 in a laptop
this thin performance is obviously
really good in terms of video editing
the gtx 1080 is faster than any other
laptop GPU have used but Adobe Premiere
has limitations with GPU acceleration
we're not getting massive performance
gains over something like the GTX 1060
or even something like the 960 m at
least not with gh4 footage now if you're
working with red raw footage the
difference is more noticeable using 5k
raw footage from the scarlet w the GTX
1080 starts to show some bigger gains
but where the GPU really gets to flex
its muscles is in games something
relatively light like overwatch will
break a hundred frames per second on
ultra graphics while playing in 4k it's
nuts
playing something heavier like doom on
ultra graphics in 4k we're still looking
at 65 frames per second fire up the G
sync feature and you'll have some of the
smoothest and highest resolution blood
animations you'll ever see
for really demanding triple-a titles
playing at 4k is possible you just won't
have the best frame rates Far Cry primal
on Ultra at 4k isn't a very smooth
experience I'd recommend switching to
1080p here and then really heavy stuff
like witcher 3 you'll need to drop down
to 1080p but when you do you'll get
around 75 frames per second on Ultra
this is with hair works on the hardware
in here is very powerful and will easily
handle VR it has three fans two of them
to cool vapor chambers and then one of
them to circulate air internally on idle
this thing is surprisingly quiet it's
nearly silent which is crazy considering
that there's a gtx 1018 here when you do
more CPU demanding stuff so something
like Adobe Premiere fan noise is louder
but still very tolerable but when you're
playing games and the GPU is going
full-tilt it does get pretty loud you're
going to want headphones but one thing I
noticed about this fan system when you
quit a game normally like on a lot of
other gaming laptops the fans will still
spin for a minute or two after you've
quit the game just kind of cool
everything down not this laptop when you
finish playing a game the fans ramp down
almost immediately and I really like
that the CPU and GPU temperatures are
good even in stress tests externally the
temperatures are also very comfortable
it's actually way better than I thought
it would be Razer did an outstanding job
on thermal
the speakers are noticeably better than
the fortune inch razor blade they're
definitely louder and the base is
cleaner you're getting audio firing up
and out of the sides but during games if
you need to hear positional audio you
still need headphones the fans will
drown out the audio details the AC
adapter is 250 watts and it's pretty
slim that'll fit into your bag nicely so
with the 2016 Razer Blade Pro you're
getting one of the best built laptops on
the market super powerful super thin the
17 inch touchscreen is fantastic for
content creation and gaming the
mechanical keyboard isn't as clicky as
you might expect but it's still really
good the trackpad has a position that
takes a bit to adapt to but it's
enjoyable to use especially with the
scroll wheel the skylake i7 and the GT X
1080 are extremely powerful and are
surprisingly well cooled considering how
hot the components get and how thin this
laptop is the 32 gigs of ram I've
soldered on the two SSDs are upgradable
but they're already super fast the 99
watt hour battery is big but you'll only
get around three hours of battery life
now is this thing like the best value in
gaming laptops hell no but you are
getting a very unique product in this
market space no one else is building a
laptop this powerful into a chassis this
thing literally no one else is doing at
Apple I mean they're all about thin
right now they're not doing it alien
wars not doing it gigabytes not doing it
this is literally the only one that has
a GTX 1080 in something this thin so if
that's what you're looking for and you
have the budget go for it you won't be
disappointed but for everyone else did
probably a better laptop that's a better
fit for you that's in here this video
hope you guys liked it thumbs if you
liked it
subs if you loved it and nice see you
guys next time